## Academic and professional achievements
- <p style='text-align: justify;'> <b>Fraunhofer FIT Exceptional Performer</b>: I was awarded with special bonus of 1,500€ for my outstanding performance at Fraunhofer FIT, Germany in the year of 2021.</p>
- <p style='text-align: justify;'> <b>ICT Young Researcher Award 2020</b>: I won the prestigious RWTH Aachen University ICT Young Researcher Award 2020 for my significant contributions to ICT-related research that have increased the international visibility of both RWTH Aachen University and Fraunhofer FIT. I was awarded with a research grant of 1,500€ and a certificate. My contributions include scientific publications (e.g., AI/ML workshops, conferences, and journals), and theses supervision (bachelor, master), open-source, and voluntary services (e.g., served PC members and reviewers for international workshops, journals, and conferences).</p>
- <p style='text-align: justify;'> <b>Best Paper Award</b>: My paper "Classification Benchmarks for Under-resourced Bengali Language based on Multichannel Convolutional-LSTM Network" received the best application paper award and a research grant of 500$ at IEEE International Conference on Data Science and Advanced Analytics (DSAA - core A ranked conference), Sydney, Australia, October, 2020.</p>
- <p style='text-align: justify;'> <b>Employee of the Month</b>: I was awarded as the best employee for December 2014 for my outstanding contributions to Samsung Electronics. My contributions included: i) new feature development and improvement of 140+ Android model development and OS upgrade projects (Audio Framework, Voice Recorder, Text-to-speech (TTS), and S-Voice applications), ii) submissions of 17 ideas in Samsung's Idea Open Space and discovery-of-in-closure for mobile, display, and wearable devices, and iii) worked on software release and customer specific customization of several commercialization projects. </p>

## Research grants
- Research grant of 1,500€ for for ICT Young Researcher award at RWTH Aachen University, November 2020.
- Co-acquire research grant of NFDI4DataScience of 20M€.
- Co-acquire BMBF grant of 5M€ for the German-French joint project Crypto4GraphAI.
- Research grant of 6,000$ from Kyung Hee University President spanning over 2 years (2010 - 2012).
- Research grant of 500$ for the best application paper award at IEEE International Conference on Data Science and Advanced Analytics (DSAA), Sydney, Australia, October 2020.
- Research grant of 960$ from Digital Ocean Cloud Computing for hosting computing infrastructure for bachelor and master theses at RWTH Aachen University.
